# Calendarize

# Description
Modern day to-do list apps are great, except for when your to-do list grows long. These apps may be great at organizing your many tasks, but they don't help you make a plan to actually complete these tasks.

Calendarize, a mobile application for iOS devices, is a "smart" to-do list that not only serves as a repository for your tasks, but also suggests personalized, realistic schedules to maximize task completion. Here's how it works:

- `Apple Calendar integration`: Sync your Apple calendar to generate schedules around your existing calendar. This means that events will be automatically added to your Apple calendar! 
- `Local calendar`: View a mirror image of your Apple calendar locally on the app, so you don't have to switch over to your Apple Calendar
- `Simple task list`: Add, remove, and edit tasks in seconds in the simple and intuitive tasks list page
- `Healthy habits`: Tell us your daily healthy habit goals (i.e. gym, prayer, etc.), and we'll automatically incorporate them into your schedule
- `Optimal task scheduling`: Generates schedules that maximize the number of tasks completed while also respecting your daily healthy habits goals
- `Separation`: All events generated by Calendarized will be added to an app-specific calendar, so simply toggle it off if you don't want to view it in your Apple Calendar
- `On-the-fly scheduling`: Generate new schedules at any time! Schedules are random (but still optimal!), so if you don't like the schedule you got, you can always prompt for a new one

// TO DO

This project was forked from Clément Mihailescu's pathfinding visualizer tutorial (https://github.com/clementmihailescu/Pathfinding-Visualizer-Tutorial) and heavily expanded on to include fresher animations, efficient data structures, and new algorithms.

# Relevant Files
The following files can be found in the `src` directory.
- `classes/priority_queue.js`: Javascript file containing class definition for a Priority Queue. Implemented as a min-heap and uses dynamic arrays. Used by pathfinding algorithms and Prim's algorithm.
- `algorithms`: Javascript files containing logic for Dijkstra's, A*, Prim's, and Kruskal's algorithm.
- `algorithms/kruskals.js`: also contains logic for a Weighted Quick Union data structure with path compression.
- `Visualizer/Visualizer.jsx`: Javascript file for the Graph Algorithms Visualizer.
- `Visualizer/Node/Node.css`: CSS file containing most styles and animations used in the visualizer.

# Usage

1. Click the green "Code" button and clone the repository onto your local computer.
2. In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

If this fails, please run...

### `npm install react-scripts`

...and try again.

Thank you for visiting my graph algorithms visualizer!
